the first day of April in Miami and the
first day of quarterfinal action at the
Crandon Park Tennis Center
we are down to the Elite Eight in
Florida and to thrilling contests in
prospect at the Miami open presented by
atoll an established star against a
young pretender first on Stadium court
two-time my only open champion Andy
Murray playing in his 40th ATP Masters
1000 quarterfinal up against 21 year old
Dominic team playing in his first and it
would be the youngster who made the
first breakthrough with Murray feeling
discomfort in his right shoulder the
distraction was enough to give his
Austrian rival an early break team the
youngest player to finish in the top 50
last year held his nerve when serving
for the opening set spectacular stuff
from Dominic team so incredible shot
making there Murray though having just
joined the 500 wins club the previous
day was not about to give up on number
501 the Scot with the early break in the
second ah nicely done threading the
needle there beautifully a sloppy eighth
game from Murray though provided team an
opportunity to even things up and he did
so in some style with the young Austrian
serving to stay in the set though his
composure crumbled mo takes the second
set six games to four and in the decider
the world number four cranked up the
pressure
another notch that's the perfect
combination I just had to make sure he'd
made the fine because that was too close
for comfort really but the first
backhand was perfect two games later
with teams concentration clearly rattled
Murray had the chance to double his
advantage the British era was closing in
on another Miami semi-final
in the end pretty cups will win for
merit third seed safely through to the
semi-finals
he was playing very aggressive at the
start and once I start to return a
little bit better in the middle part of
the second set I was able to control
more of the the rallies and dictate a
few more of the parents and obviously
played very well if there is certain
when his level dropped away
Tomas Berdych has advanced to the Miami
Open quarter-finals for the third year
in a row and squared up against
Argentina's juan mónaco who's been
infinitive former Blake's after a slow
start to 2015
verdict hasn't lost to a player outside
the top ten this year and although the
contest was tight and littered with lung
busting rallies it was the world number
seven who broke first Gaza having a fair
old tussle Monaco the world number 46
was down but still battling for every
point oh yes lovely shot the opening set
continued to be an enthralling contest
the players traded breaks again before
finally after 53 minutes
Berdych had the chance to serve it out
finishes with most comfortable service
game of the sets Monaco a former top 10
player was not out of this the second
set a game weave server Leon but the
Argentine was giving as good as he got
with the set winding down though a game
Burdick found an opening on the Monaco
serve at the perfect time here's the
break and that has to go down as the
worst game that Monaco has played in the
match so far a big player for the big
occasion when the Czech powerhouse
served it out he was clinical that's
good went for burnick he's through to
his 17th semi-final at this level and
his fourth here in Miami I think it was
a very close game I was playing really
great tennis I mean as as I haven't seen
him play that well for a while and now
he's been playing really good the second
set was really tough really close so I'm
really happy and pleased with the way I
handle it today
the quarterfinals continue on Thursday
on Key Biscayne with four-time champion
Novak Djokovic rejoining the fray at the
Miami open presented by ito